If students didn't feel themselves directly
threatened by a governmental activity or policy,
they were less likely to be involved in it. It makes
one wonder whether if they hadn't been drafting
18-year-old males or 19-year-old males during
the Vietnam War, if we'd have even been able to get
that much activity out of students. In other
words, I guess my point is, on the one hand, I think I
was disappointed with the way students had
changed. On the other hand, maybe they hadn't
changed. Maybe the only difference was that, you
know, people weren't being drafted anymore. And
so there wasn't any, nothing was going to happen to
them. And they were just much more apathetic. In
fact, the only issue that seemed to upset students
was the issue of beer drinking on campus or the age
at which you could drink alcohol. And that seemed
to draw out a lot of people. And it was fairly
frustrating because we tried to get a student
elected to the city council and almost succeeded,
got them into a run-on. That was back when I came
back in 1973 to San Marcos. Our history class was
discussing the 50s was back to normalcy and then
the 60s was this anti-war movement type era. And we
were discussing how the late 70s and early 80s, you
could describe our era if you were writing 15 years
from now, that they all laid back and took a nap. How
do you feel about that? Do you see that in the
students and younger generation today? Well, I
see a lot of, it doesn't seem to be the same degree of
activism or concern about what's going on around
them. and I don't know if that's because things are
basically fairly peaceful or in the sense there's
not anything that's really threatening to the
students or college-age students. I know myself,
my father was in the Air Force and my uncle was in the
Navy and I have never heard anything while they
were in the service, neither one of them went to
Vietnam, but I've never heard anything about the
service or when they were growing up how they felt
at this time. Do you think that A lot of people have
become a little hush-hush about the 60s, and
that's why we don't have some of the feelings that
we could have if they had discussed that with us
more. I think a lot of people choose not to discuss
it. Some of it's because they realize that the
Vietnam policies that a lot of them supported were
really just not correct, and that a lot of people
realize that we should never have been there. And
it seemed like as time went on, more and more people
agreed that you know, Vietnam was just a disaster
and we should have never been there in the first
place. And I think that's part of it that you don't
hear very much about it because most people don't
like to either say, you know, we were wrong or we
should have done something more to get our
government out of there. Also, I think people just
would like to forget that that ever happened. And
it's just not discussed as much anymore. It's just
looked upon as a bad part of the history, and
hopefully it won't ever happen again. Oh, boy.
Well, that's all I have to ask of you. I really
appreciate your time. I know you probably have a
very busy schedule. That's right. So, thank you.
Okay.